##### Rule Checker Component
A rule checker is a componnet that checks the legality of the game and operations. A rule checker takes in a Board object and use the list of Tiles and list of Avatars in Board object to determine the legality of each operations.

**Variables:**
- ``Board: board``

The methods for rule checker should contain the following functions. `initial_tile_placement(Tile tile)` to take in a tile the player decided to place in the initial state of the game. This method will check if the tile is being placed on the side of the board and the avatar is placed on the port that is facing the interior of the board by the path of the port. `legal_tile_placement(Tile tile, Avatar a)` to take in a tile the player decided to place and the avatar representing that certain player. This method should check if the tile with a certian location can be placed on the board, by not overlapping another tile and make sure it is placed connecting the given avatar's current port. `check_alive(Tile tile)` to take in a Tile object to decide that if this avatar is dead or alive in the current board. Note that the tile should be the tile that are to be added to the board. The tile can be a `None` object, and the method would not simply check the status of the avatars in the current board. Else the method would check if the the tile can be placed on the board and if it can, it will check the status of all avatars with the new tile piece placed on board. This will check if the avatar will reach the side of the board, if it will overlap with another avatar, and if it will start running in a loop. All these condition will result the death of the avatar, and specifically when overlapping with others, also the death of those avatars. This should return a list containing all the avatars that are still alive. `check_end(Tile tile)` method which basically imitates method `check_alive(Tile tile)` except that `check_end(Tile tile)` method will check if the game is ending or not. If the game is ending, which means there are only one player left or all the players will be elminated by place the none `NONE` Tile object, the method will return a list of winning avatars. If the game does not end the method will simply return an empty list to indicate the game is still running.